docs: Adds Migrating file (#656)
okta/okta-signin-widget: MIGRATING.md

> # Okta Signin Widget migration guide

Reviewer: nit: Signin -> Sign-In

Reviewer 2: nitnit: `Okta Sign-in Widget migration guide`

This library uses semantic versioning and follows Okta's [library version policy](https://developer.okta.com/code/library-versions/). In short, we don't make breaking changes unless the major version changes!

## Migrating from 2.x to 3.x

> ### Consolidated css files to single one

Reviewer: suggestion: Remove "to single one" to be more concise:

### Consolidated CSS files

> In version 2.x we had two separate css files to import: `okta-sign-in.min.css` and `okta-theme.css`. We moved to have one single css file which is still called `okta-sign-in.min.css`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In version 2.x two separate css files were required to import: `okta-sign-in.min.css` and `okta-theme.css`. Now, `okta-sign-in.min.css` is the only available css import.
```

> Depending on your configuration, this is what you should change:

Reviewer 2: > Depending on how you are using the Sign-in Widget in your application, here's what you need to do:

> - If you were using CDN links for the css, you will need to change the `okta-sign-in.min.css` link and remove the `okta-theme.css` link.

Reviewer 2: "change" -> "update"

Example:
```html
<!-- BEFORE -->
<link

>   href="https://ok1static.oktacdn.com/assets/js/sdk/okta-signin-widget/2.14.0/css/okta-sign-in.min.css"

Reviewer: Curious if you think we should be more generic with the version, and say `/okta-signin-widget/{version}/css/..`?

Author: Since it's an actual example and I wanted to explicitly show passing from 2.x to 3.x, I opted for showing a real case.

  type="text/css"
  rel="stylesheet"/>
<link
  href="https://ok1static.oktacdn.com/assets/js/sdk/okta-signin-widget/2.14.0/css/okta-theme.css"
  type="text/css"
  rel="stylesheet"/>

<!-- AFTER -->
  <link
  href="https://ok1static.oktacdn.com/assets/js/sdk/okta-signin-widget/3.0.0/css/okta-sign-in.min.css"
  type="text/css"
  rel="stylesheet"/>
```

> - If you were building your css files through `sass`, you will need to build it again and this time it will generate only `okta-sign-in.min.css` instead of the two files.

Reviewer 2: nit: No need to code-style `sass`, it is "Sass".

Reviewer 2: nit: Replace all "css" with "CSS"

### Renamed functions

> `tokenManager.refresh` has been renamed to `tokenManager.renew`, so you should update it in your code.

Reviewer: nit: Let's keep the `signIn` object prefix to be more verbose:

```suggestion
`signIn.tokenManager.refresh` has been renamed to `signIn.tokenManager.renew`, so you should update it in your code.
```

Reviewer 2: The developer could name the variable whatever they want, it isn't always `signIn`. I'd prefer to drop the prefix to stay in line with our API docs: https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget/#tokenmanagerrefresh

> ### Token retrieval is now asyncronous to account for automatic token renewal

Reviewer: nit: Shorter titles are better 😄 

```suggestion
### Token retrieval is now asynchronous

```

> `signIn.tokenManager.get('accessToken')` moved to be synchronous in 2.x to asynchronous in 3.x

Reviewer: nit: `.` at the end.

Reviewer 2: Suggested:

> Starting in version 3.0, `tokenManager.get` is an asynchronous function. It returns an object you can handle as a promise:

You should change your code to handle the `signIn.tokenManager.get('accessToken')` function as a promise:

```javascript
// ES2016+
const accessToken = await signIn.tokenManager.get('accessToken');

// Handle as a promise
signIn.tokenManager.get('accessToken')
.then(function(accessToken) {
  console.log(accessToken);
});
```

> ### Moved dependencies to devDependency

Reviewer: Since this _shouldn't_ impact developers, I suggest removing it from our migration guide.

Author: Make sense, @haishengwu-okta what do you think?

Reviewer 3: sounds good to remove it.

Reviewer 2: I agree, we don't need to call these out. No code changes required.

> This should probably not affect your project, but we moved `okta-auth-js/jquery` and `backbone` from `dependecies` to `devDependency`.

Reviewer 3: `okta-auth-js`

### New afterError events

We replaced the global error handler for `OAUTH_ERROR` and `REGISTRATION_FAILED` in favor of `afterError` events. So, for these 2 types of errors, instead of passing a `error` handler to `signIn.renderEl`, you should add a listener on `afterError` to your application and act accordingly.

Example:
```javascript
signIn.on('afterError', function (context, error) {
  console.log(context.controller);
  // primary-auth

  console.log(error.name);
  // OAUTH_ERROR

  console.log(error.message);
  // Invalid value for client_id parameter.
});
```

## Getting help

If you have questions about this library or about the Okta APIs, post a question on our [Developer Forum](https://devforum.okta.com).

> If you find a bug or have a feature request for this library specifically, [post an issue](https://github.com/okta/okta-sdk-dotnet/issues) here on GitHub.

Reviewer 3: copy/parse typo ;)
`https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget/issues`

Author: ahahah good catch!
